the sickest patients in any hospital are
in the intensive care unit or the ICU
you could end up here if you need a
particular treatment or need to be
watched closely most people here have
serious problems with one or more of
their organs so things like the lungs or
the heart or the kidneys for coronavirus
patients it's because they're having
trouble breathing each ICU bed comes
with a lot of equipment which can help
the body and organs recover for instance
ventilators help a person to breathe
patients on ICU will be connected to
lots of different machines via tubes
wires and cables to monitor their
condition the team in the ICU is highly
specialized and there's usually one
nurse for every patient but with the
corona virus pandemic the bbc's hearing
staff often have to look after more than
one patient unfortunately some people
will become more unwell and will die but
others will get better when someone is
well enough they'll be moved to another
hospital ward this can be a matter of
days weeks even months it depends on the
patient's condition and even when their
discharge from hospital is likely
they'll need to spend even more time
recovering at home